Documenting partitions <1.9.x> [7678] (#86)
eProsima/Fast-RTPS-docs: docs/advanced.rst

Note that your History must be big enough to accommodate the maximum number of samples for each key.
eProsima Fast RTPS will notify you if your History is too small.

.. _partitions:

Partitions
**********

Partitions introduce a logical partition concept inside the physical partition induced by a Domain.
They represent another level to separate Publishers and Subscribers beyond Domain and Topic.
For a Publisher to communicate with a Subscriber, they have to belong at least to a common partition.

Partitions is a light mechanism to provide data separation among Endpoints:

 * Unlike Domain and Topic, Partitions can be changed dynamically during the life cycle of the Endpoint
   with little cost. Specifically, no new threads are launched, no new memory is allocated and the
   change history is not affected. Beware that modifying the Partition membership of endpoints will
   trigger the announcement of the new QoS configuration, and as a result, new Endpoint matching
   may occur, depending on the new Partition configuration. Changes on the memory allocation
   and running threads may occur due to the matching of remote Endpoints.

>  * Unlike Domain and Topic, an Endpoint can belong to several Partitions at once. For certain data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Unlike Domain and Topic, an Endpoint can belong to several Partitions at the same time. For certain data
```

   to be shared over different Topics, we must use a different Publisher for each Topic,

>    each Publisher sharing its own topic change. A single Publisher can share the same data over different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   each Publisher sharing its own history of changes. A single Publisher can share the same data over different
```

   Partitions, using a single topic change, reducing network overload.

The Partition membership of an Endpoint can be configured on the :class:``qos.m_partitions`` attribute of

> the :class:``PublisherAttributes`` or :class:`SubscriberAttributes`` objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the :class:``PublisherAttributes`` or :class:``SubscriberAttributes`` objects.
```
